feat: implement pausing for dollar and portal (#15)
noble-assets/dollar: spec/03_queries.md

# Queries

## Paused

**Endpoint**: `/noble/dollar/v1/paused`

> Retrieves the current Pause state of the Noble Dollar module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieves the current paused state of the Noble Dollar.
```

```json
{
  "paused": "true"
}
```

### Response

> - `paused` — The Pause state Noble Dollar module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `paused` — The paused state of the Noble Dollar.
```
